well I don't know when X does not equal
to and let's say that when x equals two
when x equals two it is equal to one so
once again a kind of an interesting
function that as you'll see is is not
fully continuous it has a discontinuity
so let me graph it so this is my y
equals f of X axis this is my x axis
right over here
let me draw x equals 2x let's say this
is x equals 1 this is x equals 2
this is negative 1 this is negative 2
and then let me draw so everywhere
everywhere except x equals 2 it's equal
to x squared so let me draw it like this
so it's going to be a parabola it look
something like this it's going to look
something let me draw a better version
of the parabola so it looks something
like this it looks something like this
not the most beautifully drawn parabola
in the history of drawing parabolas but
I think it'll give give you the idea I
think you know the parabola looks like
hopefully it's a would other way it
should be symmetric it let me draw a
redraw it because that's kind of ugly
okay let me and that's looking better
okay
all right there you go all right now
this is this would be the graph of just
x squared but this can't be it's not x
squared when X is equal to 2 so once
again once again when X is equal to 2
where you should have a little bit of a
discontinuity here so I'll draw a gap
right over there because when x equals 2
the function is equal to 1 when X is
equal to 2 so let's say that and I'm not
doing them on the same scale but let's
say that so this on X on the graph of f
of X is equal to x squared this would be
4 this would be 2 this would be 1 this
would be 3 so when X is equal to 2
our function is equal